Serenity updates - November 2020 - Felix's news (#790)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/2020-11/1-Stop-your-imports-and-exports.md

---
pim_announcement_alt_img: "The new Stop button in the process tracker"
pim_announcement_audience:
- EE
- CE
---

> # Stop your imports and exports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Easily stop ongoing jobs
```
It's not only your jobs, it's any user job if you have the permission, and since it's not only imports and exports, I'd rather have "jobs" in the title.

::: meta-data type="New" features="Productivity" available="mid-November" link-to-doc="../articles/TODO.html"
:::

> A brand new `Stop` button is now displayed in your process tracker. It enables you to stop the Excel and CSV imports/exports you launched. Super helpful whenever you launch a job by mistake and don't want to wait for it to execute until the end. 😉

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A`Stop` button is now displayed close to jobs in your process tracker. It enables you to stop jobs: imports, exports but also ongoing mass actions or rule executions. This new feature is controlled with permissions, so if you want to be able to stop jobs, ask your admin. Super helpful whenever you or someone from your team launches a job and needs to stop it.
```
@felix-couprie is this correct ⬆️? thank you!

Author: ```suggestion
A brand new `Stop` button is now displayed in your process tracker. It enables you to stop jobs: imports, exports but also ongoing mass actions or rule executions. Super helpful whenever you launch a job by mistake and don't want to wait for it to execute until the end. 😉
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A brand new `Stop` button is now displayed in your process tracker. It enables you to stop jobs: imports, exports but also ongoing mass actions or rule executions. Super helpful whenever you launch a job by mistake (we're all humans after all) and don't want to wait for it to execute until the end. 😉
```

![The new `Stop` button in the process tracker](../img/TODO.png)

This button comes with a dedicated permission `Stop an ongoing job`. If you need it, ask your PIM admin to give you the right to do so.

> On a side note, some other jobs such as mass actions or rule executions can also be stopped at any time in the process tracker. So neat!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I added this part in the intro.

> ::: more

Reviewer: Maybe we can add links that are not related to imports/exports? Maybe a link related to the setup of permissions, for imports/exports this will be managed in the export profiles, but @felix-couprie how admins can allow PIM users to stop mass actions and rules execution? TY

Author: I'll change the links to refer to jobs instead of just imports/exports.

Regarding the permission, it's in the user roles.
I'll add the link to how to set up user roles.
